tiup: fix some details in tiup deployment doc (#2291)
pingcap/docs: how-to/deploy/orchestrated/tiup.md

    - Under AMD64 architecture, it is recommended to use CentOS 7.3 or above as the operating system.
    - Under ARM architecture, it is recommended to use CentOS 7.6 1810 as the operating system.
- For the file system of TiKV data files, it is recommended to use EXT4 format. (refer to [Step 3](#step-3-mount-the-data-disk-ext4-filesystem-with-options-on-the-target-machines-that-deploy-tikv)) You can also use CentOS default XFS format.

> - The target machines can communicate with each other on the Intranet. (It is recommended to [disable the firewall `firewalld`](#how-to-stop-the-firewall-service-of-deployment-machines), or open the required ports between the nodes of the TiDB cluster.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The target machines can communicate with each other on the Intranet. (It is recommended to [disable the firewall `firewalld`](#how-to-stop-the-firewall-service-of-deployment-machines), or enable the required ports between the nodes of the TiDB cluster.)
```

```

```yaml
# # Global variables are applied to all deployments and as the default value of
# # them if the specific deployment value missing.

global:
  user: "tidb"
  ssh_port: 22
  deploy_dir: "/tidb-deploy"
  data_dir: "/tidb-data"

> # # Monitored variables are used to all the machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# # Monitored variables are used to all the machines.
```

monitored:
  node_exporter_port: 9100
  blackbox_exporter_port: 9115
  # deploy_dir: "/tidb-deploy/monitored-9100"
  # data_dir: "/tidb-data/monitored-9100"
  # log_dir: "/tidb-deploy/monitored-9100/log"

> # # Server configs are used to specify the runtime configuration of TiDB components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# # Server configs are used to specify the runtime configuration of TiDB components.
```

# # All configuration items can be found in TiDB docs:
# # - TiDB: https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/reference/configuration/tidb-server/configuration-file/
# # - TiKV: https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/reference/configuration/tikv-server/configuration-file/
# # - PD: https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/reference/configuration/pd-server/configuration-file/
# # All configuration items use points to represent the hierarchy, e.g:
# #   readpool.storage.use-unified-pool
# #           ^       ^

> # # You can overwrite this configuration via instance-level `config` field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# # You can overwrite this configuration via the instance-level `config` field.
```

  - host: 10.0.1.7
    # ssh_port: 22
    # port: 4000
    # status_port: 10080
    # deploy_dir: "/tidb-deploy/tidb-4000"
    # log_dir: "/tidb-deploy/tidb-4000/log"
    # numa_node: "0,1"
    # # Config is used to overwrite the `server_configs.tidb` values
    # config:
    #   log.slow-query-file: tidb-slow-overwrited.log
  - host: 10.0.1.8
  - host: 10.0.1.9

tikv_servers:
  - host: 10.0.1.1
    # ssh_port: 22
    # port: 20160
    # status_port: 20180
    # deploy_dir: "/tidb-deploy/tikv-20160"
    # data_dir: "/tidb-data/tikv-20160"
    # log_dir: "/tidb-deploy/tikv-20160/log"
    # numa_node: "0,1"
    # # Config is used to overwrite the `server_configs.tikv` values
    # config:
    #   server.grpc-concurrency: 4
    #   server.labels: { zone: "zone1", dc: "dc1", host: "host1" }
  - host: 10.0.1.2
  - host: 10.0.1.3

tiflash_servers:
  - host: 10.0.1.10
  # ssh_port: 22
  # tcp_port: 9000
  # http_port: 8123
  # flash_service_port: 3930
  # flash_proxy_port: 20170
  # flash_proxy_status_port: 20292
  # metrics_port: 8234
  # deploy_dir: /tidb-deploy/tiflash-9000
  # data_dir: /tidb-data/tiflash-9000
  # log_dir: /tidb-deploy/tiflash-9000/log
  # numa_node: "0,1"

>   # # Config is used to overwrite the `server_configs.tiflash` values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # # Config is used to overwrite the `server_configs.tiflash` values.
```

  # config:
  #   logger.level: "info"
  # learner_config:
  #   log-level: "info"
  #  - host: 10.0.1.15
  #  - host: 10.0.1.16

# pump_servers:
#   - host: 10.0.1.17
#     ssh_port: 22
#     port: 8250
#     deploy_dir: "/tidb-deploy/pump-8249"
#     data_dir: "/tidb-data/pump-8249"
#     log_dir: "/tidb-deploy/pump-8249/log"
#     numa_node: "0,1"

> #     # Config is used to overwrite the `server_configs.drainer` values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#     # Config is used to overwrite the `server_configs.drainer` values.
```

#     config:
#       gc: 7
#   - host: 10.0.1.18
#   - host: 10.0.1.19
# drainer_servers:
#   - host: 10.0.1.17
#     port: 8249
#     data_dir: "/tidb-data/drainer-8249"

> #     # if drainer doesn't have checkpoint, use initial commitTS to initial checkpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#     # If drainer doesn't have any checkpoint, using initial commitTS to initialize the checkpoint
```

> #     # will get a latest timestamp from pd if setting to be -1 (default -1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#     # will get a latest timestamp from pd if `commit_ts` is set to -1 (default -1).
```

#     commit_ts: -1
#     deploy_dir: "/tidb-deploy/drainer-8249"
#     log_dir: "/tidb-deploy/drainer-8249/log"
#     numa_node: "0,1"

> #     # Config is used to overwrite the `server_configs.drainer` values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#     # Config is used to overwrite the `server_configs.drainer` values.
```

    log_dir: "deploy/monitored-9100/log"
    ```

### How to view the TiDB versions supported by TiUP

> Execute the following command to view the TiDB versions that TiUP supports managing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following command to view the TiDB versions that TiUP supports:
```

-------        ---------  --------                             ---------
master                    2020-03-18T08:39:11.753360611+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.1                    2020-04-07T17:53:00+08:00            linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.2                    2020-04-08T23:38:37+08:00            linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.3                    2020-03-27T22:41:16.279411145+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.4                    2020-03-27T22:43:35.362550386+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.5                    2020-03-27T22:46:01.016467032+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.6                    2020-03-13T11:55:17.941641963+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.7                    2020-03-13T12:02:22.538128662+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.8                    2020-03-17T14:03:29.575448277+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.9                    2020-03-13T13:02:15.947260351+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.10                   2020-03-13T14:11:53.774527401+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.0.11                   2020-03-13T15:31:06.94547891+08:00   linux/amd64,darwin/amd64

> v3.0.12        YES        2020-03-20T11:36:28.18950808+08:00   linux/amd64,darwin/amd64

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
v3.0.12                   2020-03-20T11:36:28.18950808+08:00   linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
```

v3.1.0-beta.2             2020-03-19T00:48:48.266468238+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v3.1.0-rc                 2020-04-02T23:43:17.456327834+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v4.0.0-beta               2020-03-13T12:43:55.508190493+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
v4.0.0-beta.1             2020-03-13T12:30:08.913759828+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64

> v4.0.0-beta.2  YES        2020-03-18T22:52:00.830626492+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
v4.0.0-beta.2             2020-03-18T22:52:00.830626492+08:00  linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
```

> v4.0.0-rc                 2020-04-09T00:10:32+08:00            linux/amd64,darwin/amd64

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
v4.0.0-rc      YES        2020-04-09T00:10:32+08:00            linux/amd64,darwin/amd64
```

nightly                   2020-04-10T08:42:23+08:00            darwin/amd64,linux/amd64
```

> ### How to view components and versions supported by TiUP 

Author: ```suggestion
### How to view the TiDB components supported by TiUP 
```

> Execute the following command to view the TiDB components that TiUP supports managing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following command to view the TiDB components that TiUP supports:
```

> Execute the following command to view the components and versions that TiUP supports managing:

Author: ```suggestion
Execute the following command to view the TiDB components that TiUP supports managing:
```

```shell
tiup list
```

In the following output:

- `Name` is the supported component name
- `Installed` is whether or not the component is installed
- `Platforms` is the supported platform
- `Description` is the component description

```log
Available components (Last Modified: 2020-02-27T15:20:35+08:00):
Name               Installed                                                                                                             Platforms                 Description
----               ---------                                                                                                             ---------                 -----------

> tidb               YES(v3.0.12,v4.0.0-rc)                                                                                            darwin/amd64,linux/amd64  TiDB is an open source distributed HTAP database compatible with the MySQL protocol

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tidb               YES(v4.0.0-rc)                                                                                                    darwin/amd64,linux/amd64  TiDB is an open source distributed HTAP database compatible with the MySQL protocol
```

> tikv               YES(v3.0.12,v4.0.0-rc)                                                                                            darwin/amd64,linux/amd64  Distributed transactional key-value database, originally created to complement TiDB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tikv               YES(v4.0.0-rc)                                                                                                    darwin/amd64,linux/amd64  Distributed transactional key-value database, originally created to complement TiDB
```

> pd                 YES(v3.0.12,v4.0.0-rc)                                                                                            darwin/amd64,linux/amd64  PD is the abbreviation for Placement Driver. It is used to manage and schedule the TiKV cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pd                 YES(v4.0.0-rc)                                                                                                    darwin/amd64,linux/amd64  PD is the abbreviation for Placement Driver. It is used to manage and schedule the TiKV cluster
```
